---
title: The Fuze
layout: post
author: tristan.payne
permalink: /the-fuze/
source-id: 15SUfv_IuKCvfpsKMvYeHGNmLFCMNpalAfSkFbgA2L5w
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The Fuze</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Knowing nothing about fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Set up fuze well without problems and having to ask for help</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Well I(along with felix) managed to set up a fuze but we had to ask for help from the pair next to us.  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned to set up the fuze as well as some other things. The 'other things' being how set the computer on to the VGA cable ( which I assume is the power supply) how to plug the fuze in to set it up, also to know what a HDMI cable is ( or at least what it looks like and where to plug it in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My limited knowledge of a fuze, and how it works. It is because I’ve never encountered anything like a fuze, well that is if the keyboard of a laptop isn’t similar. Also since I have never done anything with the tangle of cables coming up through the hole in the table so I where all the things like the power cable could go so it took a while to work that out. I think I need to work more fast and efficiently to do it in time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Concentrate more. I also need to talk less and work on the concentration habits I was taught by Mrs Green last year so that I can do it quicker and not be behind like I am now. If I had more understanding in this subject I would be quicker so I think I should work on the speed in which I mentally grasp the target for the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


